AI/ML Coding Exercises
This repository contains various AI/ML coding exercises designed for practical hands-on learning. Each notebook covers a unique area of machine learning and deep learning, including supervised and unsupervised learning, ensemble modeling, recommendation systems, clustering, time series prediction, GANs, and more. These exercises are meant to be exploratory, providing implementations of common ML algorithms and models with structured, commented code.

Repository Structure
Algo_eval_suprise.ipynb
Description: Evaluation of recommendation algorithms using the Surprise library. This notebook includes code for data preprocessing, algorithm selection, model training, and performance evaluation.

Cosine_Distance.ipynb
Description: Demonstrates how to compute cosine distance for similarity measures, often used in clustering and recommendation systems. Code is structured to highlight implementation and usage in various ML tasks.

Ensemble_of_models_.ipynb
Description: Implements various ensemble techniques such as bagging, boosting, and stacking to improve model accuracy and robustness. Each method is compared based on its performance across different datasets.

GAN.ipynb
Description: A Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) model developed in Google Colab. This notebook provides an introductory approach to building GANs, focusing on both generator and discriminator network structures and their training process.

ImageNet.ipynb
Description: Covers model training on the ImageNet dataset, with structured code for loading data, setting up a model architecture, and evaluating model performance on image classification tasks.

Intrusion_Detection_System.ipynb
Description: Implements an intrusion detection system using supervised learning techniques. This exercise focuses on data preprocessing, feature engineering, and classification model selection for security applications.

LSTM.ipynb
Description: Utilizes Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) networks for time series prediction tasks. The notebook is structured to guide users through data preparation, model building, training, and evaluation.

Recommender_suprise.ipynb
Description: Builds a recommendation system using the Surprise library, implementing collaborative filtering techniques to recommend items based on user-item interactions.

Supervised_Learning.ipynb
Description: Introduction to supervised learning with several classification and regression models. The notebook includes exercises in data preparation, model training, hyperparameter tuning, and performance evaluation.

Unsupervised_Learning.ipynb
Description: Provides a set of unsupervised learning techniques, including clustering and dimensionality reduction, with examples to explore data patterns without labeled outputs.

Wisdom_of_the_Crowd.ipynb
Description: Explores ensemble models and crowd-based predictions, emphasizing how aggregation methods can improve accuracy. The notebook includes experiments with various voting mechanisms.

edtech.ipynb
Description: Exercises related to education technology data, applying ML algorithms to real-world edtech datasets. It includes data preprocessing, model training, and evaluation for education-specific use cases.

keras_cluster.ipynb / keras_clusters.ipynb
Description: Implements clustering techniques with Keras, focusing on deep learning-based clustering approaches for complex datasets.

labelData.ipynb
Description: Utilizes supervised learning techniques to reduce alert flooding in alert management systems. This notebook emphasizes labeling strategies, feature extraction, and model evaluation for operational efficiency.

usedcar.ipynb
Description: Analyzes used car market data to create predictive models for pricing. This notebook includes data cleaning, feature engineering, and regression modeling techniques.

Getting Started
Each notebook is self-contained and can be run independently. To begin, clone the repository and navigate to the desired notebook. Be sure to install any required dependencies listed in each notebook before executing the code.

bash
Copy code
git clone <repository-url>
Requirements
The following Python libraries are required (specific dependencies may vary by notebook):

numpy
pandas
scikit-learn
keras
tensorflow
matplotlib
surprise (for recommendation systems)
You can install all required libraries with the following command:

bash
Copy code
pip install -r requirements.txt
